chore(sdk): Create Astro Example for UVE (#29665)
dotCMS/core: examples/astro/README.md

Reviewer: needs dotcms docs

# dotCMS Astro Example

DotCMS provides a Astro example that shows how to build dotCMS pages heedlessly with Astro JavaScript framework.

## What do you need?

1. A dotCMS instance or you can use https://demo.dotcms.com
2. A valid AUTH token for the target instance (see: https://auth.dotcms.com/docs/latest/rest-api-authentication#creating-an-api-token-in-the-ui)
3. A valid Site Identifier where your page is located (see: https://www.dotcms.com/docs/latest/multi-site-management#multi-site-management)
4. Node js 18+ and npm installed
5. Terminal
6. And a code editor.

### Create the new Astro application

Open your terminal and let’s create the Astro app by running the following:

```bash
npm create astro@latest -- --template dotcms/core/examples/astro
```

Follow the Astro setup steps after it pulls the example.

## Add the dotCMS configuration

> Now we need to tell the Next.js app what dotCMS instance is going to use to get the data to build its pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we need to tell the Astro app what dotCMS instance is going to use to get the data to build its pages.
```

1. Open the folder where you created the project in your code editor

> 2. In the root, find the file .env.local.example and rename to .env.local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the root, find the file `.env.local.example` and rename to `.env.local`
```
